Rename Asset Hub to Polkadot / Westend Hub (#572)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: tutorials/smart-contracts/launch-your-first-project/test-and-deploy-with-hardhat.md

---
title: Test and Deploy with Hardhat

> description: Learn how to set up a Hardhat development environment, write comprehensive tests for a Solidity smart contract, and deploy it to local and Polkadot Hub networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up a Hardhat development environment, write comprehensive tests for Solidity smart contracts, and deploy to local and Polkadot Hub networks.
```
